"Tokyo","Japan","http://media­cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo­s/03/9b/2e/18/tokyo.jpg"
,"Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander
ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch
the lively fish auction at the Tsukiji Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the
cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River."
"Sydney","Australia","http://media­cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo­s/03/9b/2e/15/sydne
y.jpg","Sydney offers plenty of historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The
marvelous Sydney Opera House looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully
in a harbor. Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a
street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary
Art."
"Los Angeles","United
States","http://media­cdn.tripadvisor.com/media/photo­s/06/c4/ea/60/hiking­the­hollywo
od.jpg","Hollywood beckons to tourists who long for a brush with Tinseltown glamor.
Tour movie studios, slip your hands into the famous prints at the TCL Chinese Theatre,
or indulge in a celeb sighting at one of LA’s white­hot nightspots. Spot your favorite
star while shopping at The Grove, or forget all about the famous eye candy as you take
in the iconic artwork at The Getty."
"Tokyo","Japan","http://i66.tinypic.com/2zsqx4o.jpg"
,"Tradition collides with pop culture in Tokyo, where you can reverently wander
ancient temples before rocking out at a karaoke bar. Wake up before the sun to catch
the lively fish auction at the Tsukiji Market, then refresh with a walk beneath the
cherry blossom trees that line the Sumida River."
"Sydney","Australia","http://i68.tinypic.com/ny8t8z.jpg","Sydney offers plenty of
historical and contemporary Australian flavor. The marvelous Sydney Opera House
looks like a great origami sailboat, floating peacefully in a harbor.
Wander the narrow cobblestone streets of The Rocks and then take in a
street performance on the Circular Quay before heading into the Museum of Contemporary
Art."
"Los Angeles","United
States","http://i65.tinypic.com/eaijc6.jpg","Hollywood beckons to tourists who long for a brush with Tinseltown glamor.
Tour movie studios, slip your hands into the famous prints at the TCL Chinese Theatre,
or indulge in a celeb sighting at one of LA’s white­hot nightspots. Spot your favorite
star while shopping at The Grove, or forget all about the famous eye candy as you take
in the iconic artwork at The Getty."
"Moscow","Russia","http://i65.tinypic.com/xbzr5u.jpg","The political, scientific, historical, architectural and business
center of Russia, Moscow displays the country's contrasts at their most extreme.
The ancient and modern are juxtaposed side by side in this city of 10 million. Catch a metro
from one of the ornate stations to see Red Square, the Kremlin, the nine domes of St.
Basil's Cathedral, Lenin's Mausoleum, the KGB Museum and other symbols of Moscow's great
and terrible past, then lighten up and shop Boulevard Ring or people watch in Pushkin Square."
"Washington","United States","http://i67.tinypic.com/10zd45y.jpg","Washington DC is a hub
for American politics and history. Attracting as many school field trips as it does travelers
the district offers a peek into the country’s democratic origin. There are plenty of free museums
to take advantage of but the real draw here is the memorials and monuments dedicated to great American leaders.
Spend some contemplative time at the Reflecting Pool within the National Mall,
among the most patriotic places in the country."
"New York","United States","http://i64.tinypic.com/106n8sk.jpg","Conquering New York in one visit is
impossible. Instead, hit the must-sees – the Empire State Building, the Statue of Liberty, Central Park, the Metropolitan
Museum of Art – and then explore off the beaten path with visits to The Cloisters or one of the
city’s libraries. Indulge in the bohemian shops of the West Village or the fine dining of the
Upper West Side. The bustling marketplace inside of Grand Central Station gives you a literal
taste of the best the city has to offer."
"Paris","France","http://i68.tinypic.com/b4t8xw.jpg","Lingering over pain au chocolat in a sidewalk
café, relaxing after a day of strolling along the Seine and marveling at icons like the Eiffel Tower and the
Arc de Triomphe… the perfect Paris experience combines leisure and liveliness with enough time to savor
both an exquisite meal and exhibits at the Louvre. Awaken your spirit at Notre Dame, bargain hunt at the Marché
aux Puces de Montreuil or for goodies at the Marché Biologique Raspail, then cap it all off with a
risqué show at the Moulin Rouge."
"Roma","Italy","http://i67.tinypic.com/2na360i.jpg","Rome wasn't built in a day--and you'll need much
more than a day to take in this timeless city. The city is a real-life collage of piazzas, open-air markets,
and astonishing historic sites. Toss a coin into the Trevi Fountain, contemplate the Colosseum and the Pantheon,
and sample a perfect espresso or gelato before spending an afternoon shopping at the Campo de’Fiori or Via Veneto.
Enjoy some of the most memorable meals of your life here, too, from fresh pasta to succulent fried artichokes or a
tender oxtail stew."
